<!DOCTYPE xhtml>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta charse="utf-8" />
</head>
<body>
<h2>Noter</h2>
<ol>
<li><a href="#what-is-it">What is it?</a><br/></li>
<li><a href="#how-to-use">How to use</a><br/></li>
<li><a href="#installation">Installation</a><br/></li>
</ol>
<h3>What is it?</h3>
<p>Noter - is a program that keeps all your notes in a database.<br/></p>
<h3>How to use</h3>
<p><code>bash
noter [--init] [-a | --add -t TITLE -T TEXT -tg TAGS] [-rm | --remove -i ID] [-e | --edit -i ID -t TITLE -T TEXT -tg TAGS] [-g | --get -i ID] [-l | --ls | --list] [--search Q] [-f | --filter TAGS] [-rs | --reverse] [-s | --slice] [-d | --db-path] [-h | --help]</code>
<br/>
Option --init initializes database. Initializing database is required before doing something with notes.<br/>
Option -a adds a new note. It needs -t and -T options.<br/>
Option -t sets title.<br/>
Option -T sets text.<br/>
Option -tg sets tags.<br/>
Option -rm removes note. It needs -i option.<br/>
Option -i set ID. You cannot change ID of note.<br/>
Option -e edits already existing note. It needs -i, -t or/and -T options.<br/>
Option -g displays note by id. It needs -i option.<br/>
Option -l lists all the notes.<br/>
Option --search searches notes.<br/>
Option --filter filters notes by tags separated with commas.<br/>
Option -rs reverses the list of notes.<br/>
Option -s slices the list of notes.<br/>
Option -d sets path to database.<br/>
Option -h shows help message.<br/></p>
<h3>Installation</h3>
<p>Run setup.py:
<code>bash
python setup.py install</code>
<br/>
Then run install.sh:
<code>bash
./install.sh</code></p>
</body>
</html>
