<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE xhtml>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
	<head>
		<meta charset="utf-8" />
		<title>CodeCommenter</title>
	</head>
	<body>
		<h2>CodeCommenter</h2>
		<a href="#what-is-it">1. What is it</a><br/>
		<a href="#how-to-use">2. How to use</a><br/>
		<a href="#installation">3. Installation</a><br/>
		<h3 id="what-is-it">What is it?</h3>
		<p>CodeCommenter is a tool for automatic code commenting.<br/>
It uses XML to keep patterns, texts, variables and other settings.</p>
		<h3 id="how-to-use">How to use</h3>
		<p><code>
ccommenter file [-p PATH] [-f] [-h] [-rm] [-cs] [-ce]</code><br/>
Option -p sets path to file with patterns.<br/>
Option -f sets file type.<br/>
Option -rm removes all the comments, it needs also -cs and -ce options.<br/>
Option -cs sets beginning of a comment. <strong>Warning</strong>: it's a regular expression.<br/>
Option -ce sets ending of a comment. <strong>Warning</strong>: it's a regular expression too.<br/>
Option -h shows help message.<br/><br/></p>
		<p>Before using ccommenter you have to set up XML file that will contain patterns.<br/>
You can see example in examples directory<br/>.
&lt;comment filetype="extension" commentStart="" commentEnd=""&gt; - main comment tag. filetype attribute sets extension. Comment will be used only if file extension==filetype. commentStart - with what begins comment, commentEnd - comment end. You can leave commentEnd empty.<br/>
    &lt;pattern&gt; - pattern. Uses regular expression.<br/>
    &lt;text&gt; - comment text.<br/>
    &lt;variable name="name" type="type" index="0"&gt; - declare a variable. It can be used by appending and prepending %. Example: test comment #%number%. Type be can regex or overything else.<br/>
    &lt;position&gt; - sets position of a comment. Default position is top. Available positions are: top, right, bottom, left.</p>
		
		<h3 id="installation">Installation</h3>
		<p>First you have to run setup.py<br/>
			<code>
python setup.py install
			</code><br/><br/>
And then install.sh<br/>
			<code>
./install.sh
			</code>
	</p>
</body>
</html>
